hello everyone I'm David with guns calm
today we're taking a look at the Ruger
Redhawk this is a workhorse this gun is
unloaded
this is rugers before magnum double
action it is a lovely pistol it's very
very large reasonably heavy the 44
special flies through here in Korea it's
next to no recoil the 44 Magnum on the
other hand will evermore snap it back
this is there a hunter model it has the
attachment spot for scope mounts the
hammer very very nice
it does have rugers transfer bar you can
see right here that lovely piece of
metal is what allows this hammer which
is oddly shaped to fall connect with the
transfer bar which connects with the
firing pin which connect split lap the
action on is very nice so what you see
is in double action trigger pull
reasonably substantial having single
action though is a lovely very crisp
trigger pull it drops it right where
you'd like now you can get bigger
look there's nothing not on this
continent at least that the 44 will not
handle with absolute impunity
what's the problem the problem is this
is a terrible place to stand that
because that blue bag is just that is
wicked